# Banking System is our project in C++. This system is developed mainly for overcoming the 
# Banking System is our project in C++. This system is developed mainly for overcoming the drawbacks that exists in the manual banking transactions. The people have to fill up the form personally to withdraw or deposit cash. This is the least problem faced after the long queue waiting for the turn to come. In our system, one can register on a virtual bank server that holds the overall information and then they are provided the facility to do the financial transactions online. The transactions include online  
# Banking System is our project in C++. This system is developed mainly for overcoming the drawbacks that exists in the manual banking transactions. The people have to fill up the form personally to withdraw or deposit cash. This is the least problem faced after the long queue waiting for the turn to come. In our system, one can register on a virtual bank server that holds the overall information and then they are provided the facility to do the financial transactions online. The transactions include online cash withdrawing, online cash depositing, online money transferring and also providing loans. The  system works on the basis of database management built on server. The server collects all the information provided by the user and then writes them in text in file. Each and every time the users make any online transactions the text file in the server is updated and hence work usefully. File handling has been effectively used for each feature of this project.  
